                              IBM Informix
      Release Notes for the IBM OpenAdmin Tool (OAT) for Informix

3.11, March 2013

1.0 IBM OpenAdmin Tool (OAT) for Informix 3.11

The Release Notes provide a list of useful topics and links for when you
install an Informix® database product or fix pack.



Contents
*  "Description"
*  "Announcement"
*  "System requirements"
*  "Installing IBM OpenAdmin Tool (OAT) for Informix 3.11"
*  "Related information"



Description

The IBM® OpenAdmin Tool (OAT) for Informix is a web application for
administering and analyzing the performance of IBM Informix database
servers. You can administer multiple database server instances from a
single OAT installation on a web server. You can access the web server
through any browser to administer all your database servers.

OAT includes these plug-ins: the IBM Informix Health Advisor Plug-in for
OpenAdmin Tool (OAT), the IBM Informix Replication Plug-in for OpenAdmin
Tool (OAT), the IBM Informix Schema Manager Plug-in for OpenAdmin Tool
(OAT), and the IBM Informix TimeSeries Plug-in for OpenAdmin Tool (OAT).
You can create additional plug-ins for OAT to add the functions that you
need.

For a complete list of what's new in this release, go to
http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/informix/v121/topic/com.ibm.po.doc/new_features_ce.htm.

The following fixes were made for OAT 3.11:

Table 1. Defects fixed for OAT 3.11
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Problem Description              | Component                        |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Reporting of free pages in a     | OAT                              |
| blobspace is incorrect.          |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Allow users to set paging        | OAT                              |
| preferences in the Admin area.   |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| If an SLA is defined for a       | IBM Informix Replication Plug-in |
| cluster on a disjoint server     | for OpenAdmin Tool (OAT)         |
| with a rule that does not name   |                                  |
| specific servers, the disjoint   |                                  |
| cluster is presented incorrectly |                                  |
| on the Replication > Connection  |                                  |
| Manager page.                    |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+



Announcement

The product announcement letters are available at
http://www.ibm.com/common/ssi/index.wss. Search for Informix 12.1. See
the announcement for the following information: 
*  Detailed product description, including a description of new function
*  Product-positioning statement
*  Packaging and ordering details
*  International compatibility information



System requirements

For information about supported platforms, system requirements, required
IBM Informix versions, and other prerequisites see this topic in the
information center:
http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/informix/v121/topic/com.ibm.cpi.doc/ids_cpi_028.htm



Installing IBM OpenAdmin Tool (OAT) for Informix 3.11

OAT is installed by default during a typical installation of the
following products:

*  IBM Informix Client Software Development Kit (Client SDK), Version
   4.10
*  IBM Informix Connect, Version 4.10

For installation instructions, see the topic Installing the OpenAdmin
Tool for Informix with the Client SDK in the information center:
http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/informix/v121/topic/com.ibm.cpi.doc/ids_cpi_027.htm

If you are upgrading from an earlier OAT version, additional information
is in the topic Upgrading from a previous version of the OpenAdmin Tool
(OAT) for Informix:
http://pic.dhe.ibm.com/infocenter/informix/v121/topic/com.ibm.cpi.doc/ids_cpi_031.htm

Alternatively, the OpenAdmin Tool Community Edition is available from
the IBM Informix Free Product Download page:
https://www14.software.ibm.com/webapp/iwm/web/preLogin.do?lang=en_US&source=swg-informixfpd
. The OpenAdmin Tool Community Edition includes OAT and the optional
plug-ins, but it does not include the supporting software. This edition
must be installed manually. Refer to the README file for installation
instructions.



Related information
*  OpenAdmin Tool website: http://www.openadmintool.org/ for demos and
   other information.
*  International Informix Users Group (IIUG) OpenAdmin Tool forum:
   http://www.iiug.org/forums/oat/
*  IBM Support Portal: http://www.ibm.com/support/entry/portal/

1.1 Links to non-IBM websites

This product might provide links or references to non-IBM websites and
resources.

IBM makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments
whatsoever about any non-IBM Web sites or third-party resources that may
be referenced, accessible from, or linked to any IBM site. A link to a
non-IBM Web site does not mean that IBM endorses the content or use of
such Web site or its owner. In addition, IBM is not a party to or
responsible for any transactions you may enter into with third parties,
even if you learn of such parties (or use a link to such parties) from
an IBM site. Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that IBM is not
responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources,
and is not responsible or liable for any content, services, products, or
other materials on or available from those sites or resources.

When you access a non-IBM Web site, even one that may contain the
IBM-logo, please understand that it is independent from IBM, and that
IBM does not control the content on that Web site. It is up to you to
take precautions to protect yourself from viruses, worms, trojan horses,
and other potentially destructive programs, and to protect your
information as you deem appropriate.

1.2 Notices

This information was developed for products and services offered in the
U.S.A.

IBM may not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this
document in other countries. Consult your local IBM representative for
information on the products and services currently available in your
area. Any reference to an IBM product, program, or service is not
intended to state or imply that only that IBM product, program, or
service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or
service that does not infringe any IBM intellectual property right may
be used instead. However, it is the user's responsibility to evaluate
and verify the operation of any non-IBM product, program, or service.

IBM may have patents or pending patent applications covering subject
matter described in this document. The furnishing of this document does
not grant you any license to these patents. You can send license
inquiries, in writing, to: 

IBM Director of Licensing
IBM Corporation
North Castle Drive
Armonk, NY 10504-1785
U.S.A. 

For license inquiries regarding double-byte (DBCS) information, contact
the IBM Intellectual Property Department in your country or send
inquiries, in writing, to: 

Intellectual Property Licensing
Legal and Intellectual Property Law
IBM Japan, Ltd.
19-21, Nihonbashi-Hakozakicho, Chuo-ku
Tokyo 103-8510, Japan

The following paragraph does not apply to the United Kingdom or any
other country where such provisions are inconsistent with local law:
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Some states do not allow disclaimer of express or implied warranties in
certain transactions, therefore, this statement may not apply to you.

This information could include technical inaccuracies or typographical
errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein; these
changes will be incorporated in new editions of the publication. IBM may
make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s)
described in this publication at any time without notice.

Any references in this information to non-IBM websites are provided for
convenience only and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement of
those websites. The materials at those websites are not part of the
materials for this IBM product and use of those websites is at your own
risk.

IBM may use or distribute any of the information you supply in any way
it believes appropriate without incurring any obligation to you.

Licensees of this program who wish to have information about it for the
purpose of enabling: (i) the exchange of information between
independently created programs and other programs (including this one)
and (ii) the mutual use of the information which has been exchanged,
should contact: 

IBM Corporation
J46A/G4
555 Bailey Avenue
San Jose, CA 95141-1003
U.S.A.

Such information may be available, subject to appropriate terms and
conditions, including in some cases, payment of a fee.

The licensed program described in this document and all licensed
material available for it are provided by IBM under terms of the IBM
Customer Agreement, IBM International Program License Agreement or any
equivalent agreement between us.

Any performance data contained herein was determined in a controlled
environment. Therefore, the results obtained in other operating
environments may vary significantly. Some measurements may have been
made on development-level systems and there is no guarantee that these
measurements will be the same on generally available systems.
Furthermore, some measurements may have been estimated through
extrapolation. Actual results may vary. Users of this document should
verify the applicable data for their specific environment.

Information concerning non-IBM products was obtained from the suppliers
of those products, their published announcements or other publicly
available sources. IBM has not tested those products and cannot confirm
the accuracy of performance, compatibility or any other claims related
to non-IBM products. Questions on the capabilities of non-IBM products
should be addressed to the suppliers of those products.

All statements regarding IBM's future direction or intent are subject to
change or withdrawal without notice, and represent goals and objectives
only.

All IBM prices shown are IBM's suggested retail prices, are current and
are subject to change without notice. Dealer prices may vary.

This information is for planning purposes only. The information herein
is subject to change before the products described become available.

This information contains examples of data and reports used in daily
business operations. To illustrate them as completely as possible, the
examples include the names of individuals, companies, brands, and
products. All of these names are fictitious and any similarity to the
names and addresses used by an actual business enterprise is entirely
coincidental.

COPYRIGHT LICENSE:

This information contains sample application programs in source
language, which illustrate programming techniques on various operating
platforms. You may copy, modify, and distribute these sample programs in
any form without payment to IBM, for the purposes of developing, using,
marketing or distributing application programs conforming to the
application programming interface for the operating platform for which
the sample programs are written. These examples have not been thoroughly
tested under all conditions. IBM, therefore, cannot guarantee or imply
reliability, serviceability, or function of these programs. The sample
programs are provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind. IBM shall
not be liable for any damages arising out of your use of the sample
programs.

Each copy or any portion of these sample programs or any derivative
work, must include a copyright notice as follows:

© (your company name) (year). Portions of this code are derived from IBM
Corp. Sample Programs.

© Copyright IBM Corp. _enter the year or years_. All rights reserved.

If you are viewing this information softcopy, the photographs and color
illustrations may not appear.

1.2.1 Trademarks

IBM, the IBM logo, and ibm.com are trademarks or registered trademarks
of International Business Machines Corp., registered in many
jurisdictions worldwide. Other product and service names might be
trademarks of IBM or other companies. A current list of IBM trademarks
is available on the web at "Copyright and trademark information" at
http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml.

Adobe, the Adobe logo, and PostScript are either registered trademarks
or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States, and/or
other countries.

Genero and its logo are registered trademarks of Four Js Development
Tools Europe Ltd.

Intel, Itanium, and Pentium are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other
countries.

Java(TM) and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks or
registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States,
other countries, or both.

Microsoft, Windows, and Windows NT are trademarks of Microsoft
Corporation in the United States, other countries, or both.

UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States
and other countries.

Other company, product, or service names may be trademarks or service
marks of others.

Contact support: http://www.ibm.com/support/entry/portal/

© Copyright IBM Corp. 1996, 2013

© Copyright The PHP Group 1997-2010. See the license/notices.txt file
for additional information.

